The upper floors were more, like, mirrored
hallways and then, like, the tiny little rooms
with the, like, plastic-covered beds.
They had these rooms that seemed like it was
rows.
Rows of rooms with beds, almost army style
or something.
You know, like, little bed and mattress.
And the doors did not…
They weren’t floor to ceiling doors.
They had, like, room on top and maybe on the
bottom.
And you had to get there early to get the
best rooms.
Because if you didn’t, you didn’t get
a room.
I mean, a room was better than no room.
And people were, you know, using those rooms
to have…
It seemed like mostly sex going on there.
A room was a place you could invite people
to come and play with you.
You know, if you wanted privacy.
You could also go hide in a room and just
close the door, and listen to what was going
on all around you.
Or you could invite someone in.
I mean, there were monogamous couples who
went to these parties, and, you know, they’d go
in a room together and they’d do whatever
they felt like doing in that room, and just enjoy.
You know?
Or they’d do whatever they felt like doing
out in the open, and they remained monogamous.